Add config flow to yeelight (#13948)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yeelight.markdown

There is currently support for the following device types within Home Assistant:

- **Light** - The Yeelight platform for supporting lights.
- **Binary Sensor** - The Yeelight platform for supporting binary sensors. Currently only nightlight mode sensor, for ceiling lights.

## Configuration

> To set up this integration, goto Integrations udner Configuration, find Yeelight in the + menu. You can choose "Discovery" or "Manual". To configure the discovered or manually set up devices, use the "Options" button in the integration card. **Note: If you have discovery set up, do not manually set up devices that are discoverable. Otherwise there will be conflicts.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, go to Integrations under Configuration and find Yeelight in the + menu. You can choose "Discovery" or "Manual". To configure the discovered or manually set up devices, use the "Options" button in the integration card. **Note: If you have discovery set up, do not manually set up devices that are discoverable. Otherwise there will be conflicts.**
```
